(:REQUIREMENTS

 (add going to the bathroom)

 (#get multiple items move working)
 (#figure out how to do containers)

 (use numerics to represent 
      (hair and beard length))

 (add support for keys, etc)
 (#lockable containers)
 (plan for people's beliefs, to get other people to do things, etc.)
 (plan for giving Al updates)
 (plan for charging the laptop)
 (plan for having the headphones)
 (plan for haircuts)
 (plan for laptop reading times during certain transportation, if
       discreetness is maintainable (i.e. at night or using bluetooth headset), etc.)
 (plan for food, and clothing items)
 (plan for work times in the night)
 (add support for sundry small items)
 (#add support for containers (bookbags, lockers, cars, etc))
 (add conditions for rent, so it fits the initial bill)
 (add entertainment (for other people when Verber is released))

 (health rules
	 (Do not drink pop before eating anything in the morning.
	     Horrible pain like gas or something.)
	 (Do not eat before going to bed))

 (discreetness:
  (sleep when no one around)
  (work when no one around)
  (shaving times
	   (shave when there are fewest people around))
  (no movements during class transitions 
      (10 minutes before and up to every half hour))
  (illusion of socialization every now  and then, remind self to spread
	    "conforming" message.))

 (learning:
  (Avoid people for movements - have planner plan learn when people are
	 or are not in a room.))

 (Plan to have certain surivival information on hand.)

 (socially-acceptable 
  (requires new clothes each day)
  (brush hair before public movements, maintain shaving levels))

 (features
  (dialog instructions from planner itself)
  (get implied effects, like for instance (implies (typeof ?x locker) (secure ?x)))))


(travel-requirements
 ())


He moves secretly and quickly.
He travels light, is highly mobile, knows the terrain intimately and uses it to its best advantage.
He uses ground, darkness and fog to aid his attacks.
He may move by night and sleep by day.
He sticks to back routes, avoids main roads and towns, seldom uses motor transport, gets to his objective by forced marches, changes direction constantly.
Closely guarded territory he crosses by battle teams (two men).
His movements will be by bounds and well guarded to front, rear and flanks.
The detachment will then reassemble at a predetermined point near area of attack.
The guerrilla must be a master of the manoeuvre.
In deceiving the enemy as to his methods and intentions the guerrilla will use many ruses.
He can always cover his tracks by leaving fast-moving snipers and smaller formations scattered over wide areas while the main forces pull out.

CONDITIONS But a guerrilla movement can only operate if two conditions exist.
They are: (1) That there are guerrilla formations everywhere (centres of resistance) and that they are everywhere in action.
Thus when the enemy concentrates on one point another blazes up.
Without this he could snuff out the guerrillas in no time.
(2) That the guerrilla detachments are SELF-CONTAINED in everything needed for their operations including arms, supplies, intelligence and propaganda among the people.
Co-operation of the people is also vital to the guerrillas.
Because it has to be stressed that support for the aims of the guerrillas must come from the population.
Cut loose from the people, a guerrilla formation can neither develop nor survive.
And every guerrilla formation is an educator of the people, it exposes the lies of the enemy, shows the reasons for his occupation.
LARGE-SCALE Guerrilla operations generally begin on a small level and constantly grow.
By the time centres of resistance have been built and tied together large guerrilla formations may carry out combined operations.
Here the use of radio communication is invaluable.
Certain formations, with a high degree of mobility, will be used to intervene at decisive points.
In such cases the guerrilla